going to try and take you back to Gaza
right now where there was reports of an
explosion T abum is there and T
understand that happened quite close to
where you and our team are working talk
us through what
happened yes Samy that was completely
too close to our location in arafa this
area that is supposed to be as a safe
Zone we have been uh sitting everyone
was uh walking peacefully subtly a very
loud sound of explosion top place as we
have as we have heard the sound of the
Israeli missile while it was hidden
toward its Target where it had destroyed
a residential building just a few away
from us few meters and where a number of
residents have been killed and others
have been wounded and we are uh we have
get an access inside the hospital as the
victims and the injuries have been
turning up to the hospital I've seen a a
a very uh young Palestinian girl being
injured severely injured and uh another
woman which her face was fully covered
with the blood and others who had been
completely uh uh let's say filled with
blankets just to be away from
documenting due to the fact that they
have been killed by the Israeli Earth
strike now this area is very densely
populated that this strike had been
carried out in where every single house
in Rafa just only to know that it's very
gently populated full of evacuees as
well now this is not only the first
attack that had been carried out in the
vicinity of Al Kuwaiti hospital but
previously a very similar attack took
place at the back ground of our
reporting right now where residential
building has been flatten alongside with
another agricultural land now as you can
clearly hear at the background that the
ambulances were are now moving to the
location of targeting to evacuate more
victims from under the RO rles as the
rescue operations continue but the first
injuries and victims had been
transported to the hospital by the
civilians in the areas who had rushed to
the location of the targeting to
evacuate them informing the Palestinian
Ministry of Health about the exact
location and of course this targeting
will rise the number of the death toll
and the uh also casualties especially
that the majority of them as we have
seen are civilians young children and
women as well
and paric just to be clear this is not
an area you've just in the last few
minutes or hours moved to this is an
area you've been reporting from
frequently I understand it's close to uh
Hospital mosques civilian buildings and
so on
right yes Samy this is a very uh a busy
area where in this area we have the AL
kuti hospital and a MOS a mosque
adjacent to it as well as there are
different FR United Nation run shelters
in the area where evacuees come here for
some water uh filling uh process that is
very close to the hospital and these
attacks continue as now I'm receiving
more confirmation by our sources on the
ground that the number of Palestinians
being killed by this air strike has
risen to seven which means that more
death toll has been recorded within uh
this attack now as we have been also
seeing throughout at the backr right now
that Palestinians have been gathering
around the hospital just to see if their
one of the Beloved ones have been killed
or injured in this air strike as more
evacuation uh uh waves had been started
to reach Rafa in the South where in
every single land in every single House
of of houses in Rafa there are a lot of
people who are taking shelter on their
relatives houses just to be safe as
Israeli forces had ordered them before
to remain inside now uh this is
considered to be a rush hour and we have
right now been hearing the some sounds
of people who are bringing uh the
injured people and the victims right now
and those people right now are bringing
an elderly person on uh healed by a
number of residents to Al Kuwaiti
Hospital those people have volunteered
to bring them Amed The increased number
of uh injured people and also victims
now the rescue of efforts been made by
residents and by the Palestinian
Ministry uh is ex is increasing and
right now A man bringing a young girl
being injured right now it's very young
girl uh to the alaiti hospital to
receive a treatments right now what we
can see is that the majority of the
victims and injured people are young
children girls and women Amed more
intensifying of the Rat of the Israeli
military attacks in Rafa this area that
is supposed to be a safe zone for two
2.3 million Palestinians Amed ongoing uh
Israeli bombing acly
territory
and this isn't the first time you've
been close to an explosion just take us
through what life is is like not only
for journalist but for
people yes Sammy uh in fact what we have
seen during this attack that life in
Rafa had completely turned upside down
with the plank of an eye where
everything was going well was going
normal there is no any kind of
bombardment but we have observed a
number of Israeli military surveillance
to drones hovering in the sky of the
Gaza Strip and right now we have more
victims more victims it seems that it's
a young uh woman had been now killed or
injured to the uh and taken to the
hospital to a treatment after for
medical check and these kinds of attacks
continue but what we have clearly
observed before the time of the attack
that there are a lot of surveillance
drones on the sky of Rafa in particular
in the area that we are in just make a
kind of complete uh uh military check
then they have now targeted a
residential building that contains uh
dozens of Palestinians who have been
living peacefully and right now with the
destruction of this house uh the
situation had become much more
exacerbated as more injuries right now
are turning up and arriving to alaiti
hospital hital through out the help of
civilians in Rafa all right thanks so
much
t